Create ui-c8y-1023-14-145-make-tenant-option-editable-checkbox-always-visible.md (#4611)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-1023-14-145-make-tenant-option-editable-checkbox-always-visible.md

---
date: ""
title: Make tenant option editable checkbox always visible
product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-66520
version: 1023.14.145
---

> The "Allow subtenants to edit this tenant option" checkbox controls whether subtenants can modify a tenant option after creation. Previously, this checkbox was only visible to management tenants, which prevented other authorized users from controlling this setting even though they had permission to create and edit tenant options. The Cumulocity API already allowed all authorized users to set the editable property, so the user interface restriction was inconsistent. Now the checkbox is always visible when you create or edit tenant options, regardless of your tenant level, allowing you to consistently control tenant option editability from any tenant where you have the appropriate permissions. This change does not affect security since subtenants without tenant creation permissions cannot exploit this setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating or editing tenant options, you can now always see and control the **Allow subtenants to edit this tenant option** checkbox, regardless of your tenant level. Previously, only {{< management-tenant >}}s could access this checkbox, which prevented users on other tenant levels from controlling whether subtenants can modify their tenant options. Since any user with permission to create or edit tenant options should be able to control this setting, and the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} API already allows all authorized users to set the editable property, the checkbox is now consistently available to all users with the appropriate permissions across all tenant levels.
```

---
date: ""

> title: Make tenant option editable checkbox always visible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Make tenant options editable checkbox visible for all users with appropriate permissions
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-66520
version: 1023.14.145
---
The "Allow subtenants to edit this tenant option" checkbox is now always
visible when creating or editing tenant options, regardless of tenant level.

Previously, only management tenants could see and control this checkbox. This
was unnecessarily restrictive since:
- Any user with permission to create/edit tenant options should be able to
  decide whether subtenants can modify them
- Subtenants without tenant creation permissions cannot exploit this setting
- The Cumulocity API allows all authorized users to set the editable property

Users can now consistently control tenant option editability from any tenant

> level where they have the appropriate permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating or editing tenant options, you can now always see and control the **Allow subtenants to edit this tenant option** checkbox, regardless of your tenant level. Previously, only {{< management-tenant >}}s could access this checkbox, which prevented users on other tenant levels from controlling whether subtenants can modify their tenant options. Since any user with permission to create or edit tenant options should be able to control this setting, and the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} API already allows all authorized users to set the editable property, the checkbox is now consistently available to all users with the appropriate permissions across all tenant levels.
```
